why hello there it's Scott from raw
gamers UK if you've hit the play button
on this video then it might mean that
you are struggling to cut it as a
vampire in the world of Nosgoth or
simply want to gain some extra tips to
take down those pesky humans either way
you have come to the right place
as this video is going to explain the
essentials on how to be an effective
vampire team member if you saw my video
on how to play well in a human team by
now you will know that humans should
stick together so what does that mean to
you as a vampire
don't attack alone sure you are much
more powerful than a human on a 1v1
basis but when it comes to fighting a
few humans at once we're going to make
you doubly undead in no time this isn't
beneficial in any form as you will
simply die give a human team a point and
they will then move to the nearest
healing station as a group to heal the
small amount of damage you caused
instead focus on coordinating your
attacks with fellow vampires if you're a
Reaper for example wait for that
Sentinel to drop someone in your path
away from the firing line of humans or
if you are a deceiver wait for a tyrant
to charge into the group to cause a
distraction for you there are plenty of
combinations and opportunities to look
out for but a general rule is up the
more chaotic and distracting you can
make a situation for the better
a tyrant charge or Reaper pounce on its
own into a fully healed group is just
pathetic and simply a waste of time
don't expect this to be an easy task
though as humans are going to be looking
at all angles to stop these coordinated
attacks that's why it's important to be
stealthy when you know you're on the
other side of a map from the humans you
can afford to fly and leap above the
rooftops but try to limit this as much
as possible especially when you know
you're getting close to them the
vampires are a noisy Bunch
in general and the growling of that
charge Reaper pounce or even the
flapping of a Santa Claus wings can give
you and your team away in no time
pretend you are on a hunt and need to
stalk your prey until the most opportune
moments the beauty of Nosgoth being a
third-person game means that you can see
what is going on around a corner of a
building and down below from the rooftop
be aware of where your teammates are and
try to determine whether they are ready
to launch that
then launch remove ambien suspecting
humans while helping your fellow
vampires are firing up with their own
attacks just keep in mind that not all
attacks have to begin with a high damage
move using a Rivas smoke bomb is a good
way to confuse a humans from the
beginning for example allowing your
teammates to add to the chaos
shortly afterwards so you have launched
the attack managed to take down a few
humans in the process but now the
reinforcements respawns are arriving and
you are on low health what you do make a
tactical retreat it's a pointless
exercise to take down those humans to
just be taken down afterwards by the new
spawns this score will generally be on a
one-to-one ratio which is not what you
are after you should be looking to
dominate don't forget about those fresh
corpses though as you can use them to
replenish your health after the fight if
you have fellow vampires around to curve
you while you perform the execution then
go ahead but it's always preferable to
drive that body somewhere safe so make
sure you don't get an arrow through the
head while enjoying your tasty meal if
there aren't enough bodies to go around
then that isn't too much of a problem as
you will automatically begin to
regenerate health the period of time of
not fighting use this time to regroup
with your team and also to locate the
humans once again with a stealthy
approach so you can prepare for the next
wave of attack the next tip might seem a
bit odd as we vampires are the attacking
force but don't forget to dodge there
will be times when an attack goes wrong
or humans catch you out your own forcing
you to escape and this is where rolling
becomes key you can move away from
something much faster with a roll von
Trotta Sprint's away from it so think of
an alchemist and explode around for
example or a scout lining up the shots
on you it can even be beneficial at
times for the Sentinel to drop to the
ground from flying and simply roll
around the corner to the next building
to gain some proper cover when playing
as a human analyse which are the hardest
moments to hear vampire and then try to
replicate them when you switch over to
the vampire size you will be surprised
how ninja live the vampires can be when
it comes to escaping death if you use
these fundamental tips then you should
definitely be able to rack up some kills
as part of the vampire team in the world
of Nosgoth it's just a case of where
your teammates can do so also that's why
it's important to spread this knowledge
as much as we can so if you see someone
struggling or have a friend that needs
help then please feel free to link them
to this video obviously the vampires are
a little more complex due to the nature
of their classes being individually
unique so it's a case of getting
familiar with the ones you like and
learn how they best contribute to the
team if you want video tutorial making
on a particular class however then let
me know and I'll see what I can do for
you if this video helped you in any way
then please don't forget to leave a like
as it does encourage me to keep creating
these videos
happy hunting everyone and don't forget
to say hi if you see Slytherin game